README.md, before:

# Mobile Web Specialist Certification Course
---
#### _Three Stage Course Material Project - Restaurant Reviews_

## Project Overview: Stage 1

For the **Restaurant Reviews** projects, you will incrementally convert a static webpage to a mobile-ready web application. In **Stage One**, you will take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. You will also add a service worker to begin the process of creating a seamless offline experience for your users.

### Specification

You have been provided the code for a restaurant reviews website. The code has a lot of issues. It’s barely usable on a desktop browser, much less a mobile device. It also doesn’t include any standard accessibility features, and it doesn’t work offline at all. Your job is to update the code to resolve these issues while still maintaining the included functionality. 

---

## Installation

Clone my repo in your computer and install **node modules** and dependencies

```
$ git git@github.com:jotagep/mws-restaurant-udacity.git
$ cd mws-restaurant-udacity
$ npm install
```

## Usage

To run a **local server** in your machine, you can run:

`$ gulp serve` or `$ npm run serve`

You can see your site live at port __8000__: [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/)

---

#### Thanks all! And enjoy this repo! 👍

Commit message:

Change folder structure and gulpfiles

README.md, after:

# Mobile Web Specialist Certification Course
---
#### _Three Stage Course Material Project - Restaurant Reviews_

## Project Overview: Stage 1

For the **Restaurant Reviews** projects, you will incrementally convert a static webpage to a mobile-ready web application. In **Stage One**, you will take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. You will also add a service worker to begin the process of creating a seamless offline experience for your users.

### Specification

You have been provided the code for a restaurant reviews website. The code has a lot of issues. It’s barely usable on a desktop browser, much less a mobile device. It also doesn’t include any standard accessibility features, and it doesn’t work offline at all. Your job is to update the code to resolve these issues while still maintaining the included functionality. 

---

## Installation

Clone my repo in your computer and install **node modules** and dependencies

```
$ git git@github.com:jotagep/mws-restaurant-udacity.git
$ cd mws-restaurant-udacity
$ npm install
```

## Usage

####DEV VERSION

To run a **local server** in your machine, you can run:

`$ gulp serve` or `$ npm run serve`

You can see your site live at port __8000__: [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/)


####PRODUCTION VERSION

To run a **local server** in your machine production version, you can run:

`$ gulp serve:dist` or `$ npm run serve:dist`

You can see your site live at port __8000__: [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/)

---

#### OTHER COMMANDS

Run a script to create a responsive images from img_original folder:

`$ gulp resp-img` or `$ npm run resp-img`

If you want to build a production version on dist folder:

`$ gulp build` or `$ npm run build`

#### Thanks all! Fork and enjoy this repo! 👍
